Use mesh domain instead of cert domain (#1083)
cap-js/docs: java/security.md

Typically, a caller of a CAP application provides a JWT token issued by IAS to authenticate a request. With Proof-Of-Possession in place, a mutual TLS (mTLS) tunnel is established between the caller and your CAP application in addition to the JWT token.

> Clients calling your CAP application need to send the certificate provided by their `identity` service instance in addition to the IAS token. On Cloud Foundry, the CAP application needs to be exposed under an additional route which accepts client certificates and forwards them to the application as `X-Forwarded-Client-Cert` header (e.g. the `.cert.cfapps.<landscape>` domain).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients calling your CAP application need to send the certificate provided by their `identity` service instance in addition to the IAS token. On Cloud Foundry, the CAP application needs to be exposed under an additional route which accepts client certificates and forwards them to the application as `X-Forwarded-Client-Cert` header (for example, the `.cert.cfapps.<landscape>` domain).
```
